com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.MyActivity
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.MyActivity: MyActivity()
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$drawable: int bitcoiniconnew
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int buy
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int buy2
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int calculate
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int cost
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int cost2
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int editFifth
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int editFirst
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int editFourth
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int editSecond
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int editSixth
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int editThird
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int optimize
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int optimizeMessage
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int price
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int resultText
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$id: int sell
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$layout: int main
com.example.BTC_Break_Even_Calculator.R$string: int app_name
